# PyBer_Analysis

## DataFrame Summary
Of the data provided from PyBer, we see that while urban cities had the lowest average fare per driver and the lowest average fare per ride, potentially because of sheer volume (1,650 rides and 2,405 drivers), urban cities generated the most fares ($39,854.38). On the opposite end of the spectrum, rural cities generated the least amount of fares ($4,327.93) having the least amount of rides (125) and drivers (78). Rural cities, however, had the highest average fare per ride ($34.62) and average fare per driver ($55.49). Suburban cities remained in the middle ground between rural and urban cities in all categories, generating $19,356.33 of total fares over 625 rides and 490 drivers. This averages to $30.97 fare per ride and $39.50 fare per driver. Further analysis could determine why the averages for urban cities are so low compared to rural cities, but an educated assumption would factor distance between locations are generally farther in rural cities, leading to a higher fare per trip. We could also assume that the density of destinations within urban cities are closer, trips are shorter, therefore lower fares per trip.
Further analyses could include behaviors of rural, suburban, and urban cities based on their geographic location and population size to determine any potential correlations.

## Total Fare by City Type Graph
Over the observed four months of data, we see that rural cities has the least volatile trend, with a low fare volume under about $500 per day. Suburban fares over the four months have relatively wide peaks and vallies within a range of $700 to $1500 a week. Urban cities saw the most volatility especially in March, with every week alternating almost $500s of fares. There generally seems to be a positive, upward trend in all cities as the seasons transition from winter to spring with a noticeable spike in fares generated in late February. Future analyses should include the year, and over time, year-over-year data to see the ride-share consumer trends.
